## _Prototype_ Monte-Carlo Study

### About

This study focuses on the ability of the tracking algorithm to find the predicted number of tracks and vertices in the _Prototype_ detector. This will be useful for optimizing the algorithm as well as narrowing in on the expected backgrounds of the detector itself. The study has three main directories:

#### `monte-carlo/` - Source Monte-Carlo Directory

The Monte-Carlo is generated by the **MATHUSLA Mu-Simulation** which fires muons through the earth from an _ATLAS_-like interaction point, to the surface where the MATHUSLA _Prototype_ detector sits. See [Generation Script](#Generation-Script) for more detail.

#### `stat/` - Completed Statistics Directory

After running over a simulated run, the tracking algorithm produces a set of important diagrams and histograms describing the run.

#### `images/` - Images

A set of images of interest generated by the tracking algorithm. Currently features special events dubbed **_explosion events_** where hit multiplicity exceeds the combinatoric capability of the algorithm. 

Each directory will be updated as more simulation Monte-Carlo is added to the study and as the tracking algorithm improves.

### Generation Script

The simulation Monte-Carlo is generated by the following:

`./simulation -q -j4 -s scripts/test.mac energy 100 count 10000`

where `scripts/test.mac` can be written similar to the following:

```bash
# Detector Selection
/det/select Prototype

# Generator Setup
/gen/select basic
/gen/basic/ke {energy}
/gen/basic/p_unit 0 0 -1

# Begin Run
/run/beamOn {count}
```

A copy of the script can be found in the **_Mu-Simuation_** `scripts/` directory.
